---
author: cmohn
comments: true
date: 2016-01-30 22:36:22+00:00
layout: post
link: http://vninja.net/misc/2015-the-verdict/
slug: 2015-the-verdict
title: '2015: The verdict'
wordpress_id: 4000
categories:
- Misc
tags:
- '2015'
- Personal
- Prediction
---

Last year, in January, I posted [2015: Let's DOS IT!](http://vninja.net/misc/2015-dos-it/) and it's time to do some reviewing (again, inspired by [Scott Lowe](http://blog.scottlowe.org/2015/12/31/looking-back-2015-project-report-card/)).



### So, how did I do?






    
  * **Master Markdown:** I'm happy to say that most of the writing I've done in 2015 has been done in Markdown. I haven't really moved on to really create Markdown based documentation and convert it like I intended, but still, Markdown has become second nature in 2015.
**Score: 7/10

**

    
  * **Get more organised**: Now this one is easy. As mentioned in [Todoist: One Year Later](http://vninja.net/workflow/todoist-one-year-later/) I've completed 722 Todoist tasks in 2015, giving me a Todoist Master Karma level.
**Score: 10/10

**

    
  * **Write better blog posts: **This one is hard to gauge, and to be honest it's a really bad goal without any real metrics attached to it. I certainly didn't increase my blogging frequency in 2015, but I did manage to put a few non-technical posts up on [Medium](https://medium.com/@h0bbel).
**Score: 5/10

**

    
  * **Get that VCAP-DCD certification:** Funnily I did get my VCAP5-DCD certification. I didn't get it in 2015 though, turns out I actually got it in 2014 after all. For some reason VMware  Education informed me of this now in January 2016. Why this happened, I have yet to find out, other than that there has to have been something wrong with the exam I took in 2014. Pretty bizarre, but at least I can cross that off the list as completed. Can't give it a perfect 10 though, after all I didn't pass it in 2015.
**Score: 7/10

**

    
  * **Redesign vNinja: **A bit of a cheat this one, the redesign was mostly in the bag when the 2015 goals were written. I'm still not really happy with it, but it works.
**Score: 5/10**





**Overall Score 34/50**



I can absolutely live with that result, even though I wish the scores were a bit higher. Now I just need to write down a list for 2016 and publish that as well. To be sure I don't forget, I've already put it into my Todoist task list, alongside the review task for 2016.
